break broke broken tom tries
not to break glasses yesterday
he broke three he's broken many more over
the years catch caught caught caught
Jane wants to catch butterflies yesterday
she caught one she's caught dozens
since then cost cost cost
this jacket will cost a lot last time it
cost fifty dollars it's cost me even more
now cut cut cut Sarah likes to cut paper yesterday
she cut a star shape
she's cut many fun shapes since draw drew
drawn John wants to draw animals he drew
a lion last night he's drawn more today
dream dreamt dreamed dreamt dreamed Mike
tries to dream about flying last night he
dreamt of a dragon he's dreamt of crazy
things before feed fed fed
Mary loves to feed her cat she fed at
chicken yesterday she's fed at gourmet
meals since feel felt felt Jane wants to
feel relaxed she felt tired last night
she's felt better today after some rest
fight fight fight fought fought tom tries
not to fight with his sister yesterday
they fought over tv time they fought like
this for years fly flew flown Sam wants
to fly a plane last year
he flew a small one he's flown higher
since then
Gracias por ver el video.